
URI - The Surgical Strike (Hindi)

URI chronicles the events of the surgical strike conducted by the Indian military against the suspected militants in Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK). It tells the story of the 11 tumultuous events over which the operation was carried out.


Tu Jhoothi Main Makkaar
7.7/10
90.4K Votes

Madness ensues when a `player` in the world of romantic relationships finds a girl who`s a worthy opponent. Tu Jhoothi Main Makkaar is a film that believes love is a battle of wits.

Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani

A free-spirited Bunny aspires to become a travel reporter and does not wish to get married, until he reunites with his shy and nerdy classmate Naina, and falls in love with her.

Luka Chuppi
6.8/10
59.3K Votes

Guddu, the star reporter of a local news channel in Mathura, falls for Rashmi, a feisty young woman. The couple decides to try a live-in relationship, but what happens when their old-fashioned family members decide to pry into their lives?

Chup
8.1/10
28.4K Votes

Chup is the story of a psychopath killer who is targeting film critics. A series of bizarre and disturbing murders rock the city of Mumbai. Film critics are being killed week after week with the release of every new film. Arvind Mathur, Head of Crime Branch Mumbai, is tasked with solving the case. With the help of Zenobia, a criminal psychologist, he tries to understand the mind of the killer to trap him.


Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety
8.6/10
6.9K Votes

We have always been told that "Marriage" is a marriage between two families. `Sonu ke Titu ki Sweety` explores the new age version of the same belief where "Marriage" is a marriage between two friend circles. What happens when you decide to get married, but your best friend and your girlfriend can`t see eye to eye.

Sonu and Titu are childhood friends. Titu has always been a naive lover, who falls in love easily and Sonu has always had to step in to save him. But Sweety is the perfect bride and Titu is head over heels in love with her. Sonu`s instinct to protect Titu at whatever cost, makes him feel that she`s too good to be true.

What ensues is a war between the best friend and the bride to be. While Sweety is trying to impress Titu and the family alike, Sonu is out to sabotage the utopian romance.

Drishyam 2
8.9/10
117.3K Votes


7 years after the case related to Vijay Salgaonkar and his family was closed, a series of unexpected events bring a truth to light that threatens to change everything for the Salgaonkars. Can Vijay save his family this time?

Dream Girl 2
86.6K are interested

Karam, a small-town boy from Mathura, is struggling to pay his father`s debt, who has borrowed money from nearly everyone on the planet. On the other hand, he is deeply in love with Pari, whose father has kept conditions to marry her. To make ends meet, Karam dons as Pooja, which creates wild chaos and a comedy of errors.


Brahmastra
7.7/10
256.4K Votes


BRAHMASTRA - the Trilogy, is a 3-part film franchise and the beginning of India`s first original universe The Astraverse.

It is a new original cinematic universe inspired by deeply rooted concepts and tales from Indian history but set in the modern world, with epic storytelling of fantasy, adventure, good vs evil, love and hope; all told using cutting edge technology and never-seen-before visual spectacles.


Inception


Dom is skilled at stealing secrets from dreams, but it cost him everything. Now, he is offered his life back if he can pull off the reverse and plant an idea in a C.E.O`s mind.

The Dark Knight

With Lieutenant Jim Gordon and district attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to destroy organized crime but they find themselves prey to a criminal mastermind called The Joker.

Avengers: Endgame

The grave course of events set in motion by Thanos that wiped out half the universe and fractured the Avengers ranks compels the remaining Avengers to take one final stand in Marvel Studios` grand conclusion to twenty-two films, Avengers: Endgame.

The Nun II

The sequel to the worldwide smash hit follows Sister Irene as she once again comes face-to-face with Valak, the demon nun.



Pushpa: The Rule - Part 2

Pushpa: The Rule - Part 2 is a Telugu movie starring Allu Arjun, Rashmika Mandanna, and Fahadh Faasil in prominent roles. It is written and directed by Sukumar Bandreddi.

Red

An official remake of the 2019 Tamil-language film Thadam, this edge of the seat thriller sees two identical people trying to implicate each other for a crime that one of them was seen committing.


Thunivu

A gang goes to rob a bank only to find that there`s already a criminal mastermind holding it for ransom, but his identities and motives behind the heist remains mysterious. As they plan to collect the bounty and disappear without a trace, their crimes and their past slowly catches up with them.


Godse

A reunion with friends changes the way Godse perceives the system. He begins to unravel the system`s hidden agenda that robs off the careers and lives of students. What follows is a fight between Godse and the government for justice.

